hey bruh taters what's going on it's me
much of potato coming at you with
another mod review it's a it's been
quite a while kind of a month I'm sorry
I've been a lazy bastard plus I have
exams yadda yadda yadda I could hit you
excuses all day but it just turns out
I'm a lazy bastard but I love you baby
girl don't you don't you fret don't you
fret grow I'm still here I'm still alive
and breathing sort of well don't laugh
at my freaky problems anyways so to get
serious about it's called the lantern
mod I know everybody's been there you're
out you're mining and you have a limited
amount of torches lot of coal but you
know making torches is just a little
really really tedious well for me at
least and I would hope for everybody
else or else is mine it's not gonna be
for you but who likes making torches and
caves all day not me so I seen this mud
on the my craft forums and the link is
in the description below cuz you're
gonna want it I basically it's a lantern
mud and it's a caribou light source for
when you're doing your mind thingies or
if you're just taking a stroll through
the wild it will light your way as you
walk and its really really really neat
so the recipe a little bit up the recipe
for the lantern is five iron ingots and
guts inga dinga dinga buying a boat
whatever the hell you guys want to call
it a glass and glowstone so you just put
it like so oh wait did I just forget how
to make the fucking the item oh Jesus
Christ okay so this is um this is how
you make the lantern just like I just
said don't mind that I had a really bad
brain fruit so once you have the said
light source i'm going to show you now a
demonstration of it while mining
in a cave so yeah guys here we are with
the lantern and I found a cave that
we're gonna go and explore and as you
can see the lantern is lighting the way
for me as I go without it it's a lot
darker not as easy to see but you just
click on your Lantern and oh look
friends that want to eat me and kill my
parents let's get away from them oh okay
well this is awkward oh and then
creativebug because I'm a cheap bastard
but it's really easy to install you just
need modloader which is also going to be
in the description below it's it's so
it's so it makes me want to go mining
for four items again i I just I don't
know it's it's just really neat the nice
accessory for your minecraft
singleplayer because you know it's
always nice to have something to light
your way can that be a quote for my
tombstone it's really douchey but you
can also set it in places like on a roof
it has to be a solid surface but you can
put it on top of anything so if you want
to as a decoration you can hang it from
your ceiling or you could just put it as
a little so yeah guys you guys should
definitely download this links down
below in the description leave a like
and comment if you want to see more mod
reviews from me you probably don't but
you know yeah so thanks for watching
guys uh and peace out no booth up